README.md, before:

# Exercise with Ease

Exercise with Ease is a full-stack web application that helps you to create a workout schedule based on different types of movements.

## By: Ryan Callebs

## Description

There is an extensive list of exercises that can be selected by either the muscles that are targeted or the type of movement that is being done.

All app users can view the available exercises, while registered users have the capibility to add new exercises and customize their schedules accordingly.

Registered users can delete any workout schedule or exercise that they themselves have submitted.

---

## Set your Schedule here

[Easy Exercise on Heroku](https://easy-exercise-9eb6b4c01eca.herokuapp.com/)

---

## Future Features

- Add friends when registered to view what exercises they are doing and compare stats.
- Create a beginner schedule that uses only body weight exercised.
- Record your daily meals and beverages, and delve deeper into the significance of nutrition.

---

# References

- John Jacobs
- Jan Horak
- Glenn Brown
- Mark Brashear

- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/SmjSYgXO/crud-app)
- [Running Image](https://www.justrunlah.com/2016/06/10/5-mountains-in-asia-for-a-great-scenic-run/)
- [Workouts](https://honehealth.com/edge/fitness/what-is-functional-fitness/)
- [Flexbox Styling](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)

Commit message:

use new google font for app

README.md, after:

# Exercise with Ease

Exercise with Ease is a full-stack web application that helps you to create a workout schedule based on different types of movements.

## By: Ryan Callebs

## Description

There is an extensive list of exercises that can be selected by either the muscles that are targeted or the type of movement that is being done.

All app users can view the available exercises, while registered users have the capibility to add new exercises and customize their schedules accordingly.

Registered users can comment/remove comments on a workout schedule or exercise that they themselves have submitted.

---

## Set your Schedule here

[Easy Exercise on Heroku](https://easy-exercise-9eb6b4c01eca.herokuapp.com/)

---

## Future Features

- Use regular expressions to block duplicate exercises from being added to the index.
- Add friends when registered to view what exercises they are doing and compare stats.
- Easy way to add sets, reps, and weight for each exercise completed.
- Delete exercises that you've created
- Create a beginner schedule that uses only body weight exercised.
- Record your daily meals and beverages, and delve deeper into the significance of nutrition.

---

# References

- John Jacobs
- Jan Horak
- Glenn Brown
- Mark Brashear

- Google Fonts - Montserrat

- [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/SmjSYgXO/crud-app)
- [Running Image](https://www.justrunlah.com/2016/06/10/5-mountains-in-asia-for-a-great-scenic-run/)
- [Workouts](https://honehealth.com/edge/fitness/what-is-functional-fitness/)
- [Flexbox Styling](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
